Move reference docs for mc admin idp commands to mc idp (#873)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-mc/mc-idp-openid.rst

.. _minio-mc-idp-openid:

=================
``mc idp openid``
=================

.. default-domain:: minio

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :local:
   :depth: 2

.. mc:: mc idp openid

> .. versionadded:: RELEASE.2023-05-26T23-31-54Z

Reviewer: Maybe worth adding a note here that it replaces the `mc admin` command.

Author: Oh right, that would be a good thing to include. Good catch.

Description
-----------

.. start-mc-idp-openid-desc

> The :mc-cmd:`mc idp openid` commands allow you to add, modify, review, list, remove, enable, and disable server configurations to 3rd party :ref:`OpenID Identity and Access Management (IAM) integrations <minio-external-identity-management-openid>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :mc-cmd:`mc idp openid` commands allow you to manage configurations to 3rd party :ref:`OpenID Identity and Access Management (IAM) integrations <minio-external-identity-management-openid>`.
```
